Developing Interactive Systems - A brief overview of the project.

E-tegu  is a mobile application that allows citizens to take part in local participatory budget projects by voting for existing or creating new ones. To vote, the application requires users to register and login by authenticatin them with ID card. Authentification with ID card, Mobile-ID or smart ID will provide a high level of security and since people can only create projects and vote for projects in the local municipality they are registered residents, it is necessary. The application allows to browse current projects, based on personal interests and location, that can be set up in personal account settings. It is possible to browse projects also without logging in. Additonally, there is an option to create your own project, providing name, short description and long description and category (education, healthcare, urban space, etc.) along with keywords and location data. There is also admin environment for moderating and prescreening the projects and maintaining the platform.
List of contributors and the main parts of the application they will be focusing on: Daniel Picon - UX Designer, Yan Asadchy - UX Designer, David Sousa - Developer, Triin Oper - Manager, Marta Khrshanovskaya- Manager.
Possible framework(s) to be used to develop your prototype: Axure RP, Adobe XD, MarvellApp, InVision d. Target platform(s) that the prototype will run on: right now we have developed an interactive prototype for Android. However, in the future the product should have iOS and web version since we want to make it available for everyone interested in contributing to local environment. 
Guide to installing/running the prototype (this can be filled out later as your progress with developing your prototype).
